Humans:
Our story takes place in the pleasant town of of Pleasanton. It is a nice town, and if you have fond memories of a town, that town is a lot like Pleasanton. Everyone knew each other and pleasant things always happened. Nothing bad ever happened, until you came to town.

You're a scientist working in the fine field of air freshening. You and your five colleagues developed a new kind of air freshener. A freshener that creates a freshness beyond what a mortal mind can handle. Soon, your product testers show strange signs. Upon experiencing the latest batch, they are taken with a queer mood. "Freshness! Freshness!" they howl. They break free of the quarantine and escape into the town with enough fresheners to freshen the entire world. Those not aware of the danger happily take complementary air fresheners and join the horde. There are those in your company who try to escape, immitating these seemingly unliving freshness monsters, but they are soon found and freshened. It is clear that these former humans can smell the unfreshness of your body!

As luck would have it, however, your company has anticipated these events and has an emergency procedure in place. In 8 hours an evacuation plane will arrive, followed with the activation of the antimatter charges. With nothing but your wits, and your company's trans-military grade weapons and air support, you must survive these 8 hours or face... freshness.



Zombies:
Our story takes place in Freshness. An hour and a lifetime ago you were helping your friendly neighborhood research facility by evaluating their new freshener. Then, you smelled the light. This ambrosia touched your mind in a higher place than any experience this world had thus far shown. "Freshness," you muttered, "freshness!" You don't recall the old world so well anymore. The box of Freshness was in the room, and you could smell, there were so many outside that were unfresh. They reeked! Thousands all around. You couldn't stand it! Somehow, you got it. You ran toward the foul smells, and they smiled when they caught your whiff. They welcomed the Freshness and joined you. Soon, the whole town was Fresh. Except one building. Six foul monsters who fear the Freshness. Don't worry, however. You now claw door the walls of their building in company of dozens. More still approach, ready to share Freshness. By nightfall, Freshness will be all.